Add data updates section for APC UPS Daemon integration (#38777)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/apcupsd.markdown

- UPS Transfer from Battery (XOFFBATT)
- UPS Transfer to Battery (XONBATT)

## Data updates

> The integration will fetch data from your APC UPS Daemon every 60 seconds by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration {% term polling polls %} data from your APC UPS Daemon every 60 seconds by default.
```
we have a glossary ref for that :smile:

Author: @c0ffeeca7 Niiice! Should we then also update the template? I was mostly following the template and thought perhaps "fetch" and "push" are the terms we recommend: https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_integrations/_integration_docs_template.markdown#data-updates 😃

Reviewer: oh, yes! Thank you for the catch, @yuxincs :raised_hands: https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/pull/38797
